Psalm 88 a song a psalm of the sons of
Psalm 88 a song a psalm of the sons of korah to the chief musician said to male
korah to the chief musician said to male
korah to the chief musician said to male athlean ah a contemplation of Heymann
athlean ah a contemplation of Heymann
athlean ah a contemplation of Heymann the ezra height Oh Lord God of my
the ezra height Oh Lord God of my
the ezra height Oh Lord God of my salvation I have cried out day and night
salvation I have cried out day and night
salvation I have cried out day and night before you let my prayer come before you
before you let my prayer come before you
before you let my prayer come before you incline your ear to my cry for my soul
incline your ear to my cry for my soul
incline your ear to my cry for my soul is full of troubles and my life draws
is full of troubles and my life draws
is full of troubles and my life draws near to the grave
near to the grave
near to the grave I am counted with those who go down to
I am counted with those who go down to
I am counted with those who go down to the pit I am like a man who has no
the pit I am like a man who has no
the pit I am like a man who has no strength adrift among the dead like the
strength adrift among the dead like the
strength adrift among the dead like the slain who lie in the grave whom you
slain who lie in the grave whom you
slain who lie in the grave whom you remember no more and who are cut off
remember no more and who are cut off
remember no more and who are cut off from your hand you have laid me in the
from your hand you have laid me in the
from your hand you have laid me in the lowest pit in darkness in the depths
lowest pit in darkness in the depths
lowest pit in darkness in the depths morass lies heavy upon me and you have
morass lies heavy upon me and you have
morass lies heavy upon me and you have afflicted me with all your ways you have
afflicted me with all your ways you have
afflicted me with all your ways you have put away my acquaintances far from me
put away my acquaintances far from me
put away my acquaintances far from me you have made me an abomination to them
you have made me an abomination to them
you have made me an abomination to them I am shut up and I cannot get out my
I am shut up and I cannot get out my
I am shut up and I cannot get out my high wastes away because of affliction
high wastes away because of affliction
high wastes away because of affliction lord I have called daily
lord I have called daily
lord I have called daily I have stretched out my hands to you
I have stretched out my hands to you
I have stretched out my hands to you will you work wonders for the dead shall
will you work wonders for the dead shall
will you work wonders for the dead shall the dead arise and praise you shall your
the dead arise and praise you shall your
the dead arise and praise you shall your loving-kindness be declared in the grave
loving-kindness be declared in the grave
loving-kindness be declared in the grave or your faithfulness in the place of
or your faithfulness in the place of
or your faithfulness in the place of destruction shall your wonders be known
destruction shall your wonders be known
destruction shall your wonders be known in the dark and your righteousness in
in the dark and your righteousness in
in the dark and your righteousness in the land of forgetfulness but to you I
the land of forgetfulness but to you I
the land of forgetfulness but to you I have cried out or Lord and in the
have cried out or Lord and in the
have cried out or Lord and in the morning my prayer comes before you Lord
morning my prayer comes before you Lord
morning my prayer comes before you Lord why do you cast off my soul why do you
why do you cast off my soul why do you
why do you cast off my soul why do you hide your face from me I have been
hide your face from me I have been
hide your face from me I have been afflicted and ready to die for my youth
afflicted and ready to die for my youth
afflicted and ready to die for my youth I suffer your terrors I am distraught
I suffer your terrors I am distraught
I suffer your terrors I am distraught your fearsome wrath has gone over me
your fearsome wrath has gone over me
your fearsome wrath has gone over me your terrors have cut me off they came
your terrors have cut me off they came
your terrors have cut me off they came around me all day long like water they
around me all day long like water they
around me all day long like water they engulfed me all together loved one and
engulfed me all together loved one and
engulfed me all together loved one and friend you have put far from me and my
friend you have put far from me and my
friend you have put far from me and my acquaintances into darkness
acquaintances into darkness
acquaintances into darkness [Music]